README.md, before:

## To Do

- coding projects content
- immersive section content

---

- add preview hover for paintings
- do a pass for image loading time
- do a pass for image fading in (about page, sewing page, etc.)
- fonts/colors
- vimeo component style
- image slider component stle
- style for coding thumbnails
- footer style
- header style
- do pass for adding links to concept art in 3d art section
- do pass fix paragraph centering in 3d art section
- make sure everything is responsive
- add titles to 3d art section
- add ability to open images larger in 3d art section
- change gan xml thumbnail to not be white background
- update mastermind project thumbnail to be more understandable and fix spacing at bottom
- sewing page load time, decrease image file size

---

- add little tab icon
- when finished, replace old website with new one on socials
- create custom URL

---

- css animations/three.js for about page or header?
- make thumbnail/renders for houdini lamp
- make scene for mushroom project
- create/add new ar project?
- add three.js project?

Commit message:

added dialogs to coding section

README.md, after:

## To Do

- coding projects content
- immersive section content

---

- add preview hover for paintings
- do a pass for image loading time
- do a pass for image fading in (about page, sewing page, etc.)
- fonts/colors
- vimeo component style
- image slider component stle
- style for coding thumbnails
- footer style
- header style
- do pass for adding links to concept art in 3d art section
- do pass fix paragraph centering in 3d art section
- make sure everything is responsive
- add titles to 3d art section
- add ability to open images larger in 3d art section
- change gan xml thumbnail to not be white background
- update mastermind project thumbnail to be more understandable and fix spacing at bottom
- sewing page load time, decrease image file size
- maybe make about section more like a mini resume, add list of skills, education, more bullets, less sentences
- fade in for modals?
- x bigger in modals?
- maybe nothing needs to be its own page, but can rather be modal that slides in?
- coding section should just have summaries and link to github mainly?

---

- add little tab icon
- when finished, replace old website with new one on socials
- create custom URL

---

- css animations/three.js for about page or header?
- make thumbnail/renders for houdini lamp
- make scene for mushroom project
- create/add new ar project?
- add three.js project?
